**********
2018-01-19
**********

Healer instrumentation
Cast compression of introspecting
Levitate toward front door and window
Thoughts are trails of storied gunsmoke

In the notes of boinging door spring
Clumps of snow on rails of porch swing
Footprints make a mark of hollow

Door opens,
Wave of heat and cool air mixture
Current twists skin cells and cat hair
Atom bumps in patterned air stream

Door closes,
Thing emergent crystal castle
Circuit is in tact, a fractal
Matter meets an anxious eye

Sinking back into the system
Of unearthed dirt circulation
It is mashed in mastication
Happens gradually, casually

Two of us, riding rock:
A rotated crop, swapped
combinatorial bits of xistence
agar.io ride resistance

Anxious arm reach from the so - il
Physics masters back again

Feed, feed and breathe
Till the gathered earth will take you
And who like a dealer, rakes you.
Soft gardener awaits you -
You will decompose again.

Begin.

You were born from light incarnate
In the sticky blood of darkness
I was acrosomal enzyme eating shell of jelly coat
[ protein opened your gate ]
Nucleus in cytoplasm
I took all of time to meet you in the smash of a zygote
2 to the 1, 2 to the 2, 2 to the 3, 2 to the 4, 2 to the 5, 2 to the 6, 2 to the ...

Matter into matter at a high sufficient heat
Evolved the sprawling pinpoint prick that splattered at your birth
A mass gathered into batter in the hyperbolic sheet
It is densest at the core, cools to fluid, a puddle of earth
[ fluid ]
Cools to crust, crumbles in your fingers
Becomes worms and beetles
[ dirt ]

Ye, gravity will take you
And will like a wheel awake you
Lo, bell of steel forsakes your golden dream was rose again.

Wipe the dust off your eyes. We've waited long and solemn
To show sunkissed kid the walking stars, all free from cloud and column.
Moons are lovers set in lockets
Violet torn in midnight visions
When were photographed as children
Locked in a posture weeping beneath nautical doctor lights and wet
Graduate to freshman bedrooms and breath
Her root woke by his tooth bite on her earlobe
With the rancid sweat of August
Clothes on floor, closet door is tightly closed
Chickadee knock in tree is chipper
Graduate to new constellation, bright red threads are strung between them
In a warm, slow mo rotation
In a comPlete conNected Graph in Laughing Kid's iMagination
Graduate to she is on fire, how she deep in sheet exploding
Whipping flame out snap crack and back in slow diving flame unfolding
With her red and blue between her

A mass - a writhing mass -
Over time the matter's living
Combinatorial bits of xistence
In an exchange of swallow giving
Me to you, your breath in me
Our mutual creation
Mutagen, your breath in me
breathing While inSide this Station.

We, riding rock
A rotated crop, combinatorial bits of xistence

An arm reach from the so - il
Physics masters back again

Feed, child, feed and breathe
Till the gathered earth will take you
And who like a dealer, rakes you.
Our soft gardener awaits you - Please, child: Decompose again.
