And closing in on a picture of a depiction of an affinity for making fiction
We watch the maker stitch the situation grave and full of mind
Binding body to brain, statically change with an old personal delimitation
Kept track: charted a map, an atlas of stats, that this is mine; I am this, not that.
Inside is this, outside is that. This is round, that is flat. That is land, this is map.

Then shall I freeze it stamped with placcard, mount it on limestone stand, and name it: Samus.
But it's never the same, falls like waterlogged sand through finger cracked in hand
On suntanned thigh poofed with fat this winter laughed: Seamus (Shame-us).
Burgered, grease napkins clapping lips flap chicken wing dingus
Peppercorn particle stuck in left cuticle, beautiful beside bedside baseball stadium.
Ketchup vinegar fills our noses, with stupid graffiti marker scratch in black on blue picnic table.
Napkin caught by wind, sends it under car that is parked by the HVAC.
The sound of fans banning silence even on still summer days with no traffic.
The fan hums. Summer heatens.

Lover giggles near to me, under an arm and over a waist, my duffle buddy
In my cuddly clutch I near to nuzzling touch our noses
The cozy woke will soften, still her
Birds will feel her breath stir their murmuration
Swirling on skies like trails of bloody steak juice, bits of soggy grit in soaking fries.
Then whipping wind warns them: take to ground, flee for your lives.
Her words like tea leaves turning, thunder out in the trees,
incense weaves her eyelid angel smoke, steeped in a heady wakeful.
Leaves trembling heavily in heavenly rake full of roots and clumps of kisses
The starlit branch misses her rump and plunder

Now, go under to the soily severance where person nevermore reaches
Nor breaches the sunken silence, your brain isn't stuck to your skull
Your eyes have sunk away from lid and tongue relaxed at root
Jaw open, teeth hanging: no need to keep it tightened when there's light inside your ribs
Beneath your ever blessed sternum
Benificient

Saints start at their own stupidity. Ending at a young candle flame, breeze through window flickers.
