**********
2017-07-14
**********

you was a bone explosion written in four parts on
railways sideways and open to the new nude groove of
Danny Glover beaming in Beloved, where wet heat smothered,
cicadas ribbing in the background.
look right on into the camera now,
zoom slowly into a shouting mouth
and startle the babies sleeping in the spine.
while under, in the ground, worms mold you into dirt and we hope for better weather
i think i should have said it sooner, i did think to write a letter, but
somehow it never felt like the right time.
and then when it did, i painted you a watercolor
but perfection got in the way, i stayed at second draft and exhaustion sent me to bed.

so in my spine,
the stairwell swells with pages pushing to the shelves red letters
and when i slept, they wrote your name on yellowed paper using your blood
after the flood, when she falls onto the floor a writhing heap of flesh,
you have it better.

a record of labor, of you working double shifts from 9 to 9
the log of a journey, the path a fibrous braid of jerky turning
burning the layman brain into a knot,
weaving an invisible fishing net to capture men and women
taking your name as an implement, they welded it into
a map of hell, a love note that reads, "don't go here.
this ground, it is well covered. do something else;
believe me, i already lived this life."
with a withered postcard picture of their great grandmother framed
and thumbing beads to memorize the favor-maker's name
i could never walk the rib with them for what they maintain
could i ever walk with them? i know we are the same

--

and when the carbon air is there and we have no more twigs or leaves
we will rip the pages free to catch the last sparks we can eat

--

to turn and adjust ; the luster is well worn by her
the kitten purs and curls its neck into her palm
forgets the grass against its nose in praise of her pulse
that thumps the skull to sleep

but the bright dime that hangs in your dashboard still
will buy us grace once more, and wind will whip us clean
so i lean in for a kiss again and bend to kiss the kitten head
ween myself from sternness and learn to let the wetness mess my shirttails up

--

so taper your pantlegs smooth, I told you once, you're clean
unlearn neurotic words like dirty - do you remember when that meant nothing?
perfection - it is a way of being, a state of absorption.
perfection - it's not a standard you are measured against.
that was a midgame rule-change for the losing team's advantange -
they took the word and changed its meaning to con you into believing you are wrong,
but not so.
just deceived by those who were deceived by those who were deceived by those
and closing in on a picture of a depiction of an affinity for making fiction
we watch the maker stitch the situation grave and full of mind
we tear the rind free from the fruit and squeeze the juice into the flame
[ignite spectrum]
what are the many ways of being? we will catch them all.
full of mind, severed and blind like fingernails full of dirt when -
here comes a fingernail clipper

and slipping backwards against the pants pressed flat, we laugh
because forever shakes hands between our eyes and I cannot fall deep enough into you
the shallow cave with creek for tongue, can I spelunk your crouch to sleep?
game over -
can I eat you? can I take your mass inside myself?
your flesh my food will flavor make you
body, blood, your molecules interlaced with mine in a finetoothed muscular tangle -
a rat jumps quick at me and you twitch to protect me from teeth
to not recall the claw mark rips i gave you
i only needed it to happen once, to satify my curiosity
"don't put your thumb in my windpipe; I only don't want the blood"
and as the ladder floods you fit with gravity, unlatching rungs to crash down your pit
you writhe in unreality, this world comprised of us
is it our justice? our answer to this mess?
our slipping and collapsing collision? our justice? our response? our gift?

how are we worthy? and how does that matter? when will my chattering sleep easily?
what could satisfy my quandary addiction?

