Marked as square by the lair I do not know her name I am aware of her face but
the black faggot marketing has caught us all between the politically correct on
one side and the infantilization of the American adult on the other. Smothering
our penises in pillows like our name is San Francisco, or alternatively in
Crisco to dip our _infanticide_ into the frier. Absurd, like Markie Mark
covered in bean curd or an Arabic family lakeside picnic in a Southern town
state park. Did you see it happening? No?  Probably just not at the right
place at the right time. Remember: I do not want to hurt you, I do not want to
erase you, just grace you within the purview of my own freedom.

She is round though, and I am always surrounded by her splendor. Are you happy?
No, it's not an accusation. Is it the cold commercialization of our
self-consciousness such that we now feel a need to edit our photos of ourselves
for to display to others? Social media is an ego and a hive mind. And at the
same time, we need to value truth. Why? Because it's what's real. Well, what is
real? Don't tell me your real is more real than my real, pal.

But what are my fingers to write? What is this motion? What causes these
particular encoded notes to come upon electrical muscular twitching? A sticky
situation, to be sure, but what's more is the pattern is slowly evolving. We
habit these thoughts, rhythmic repetition of what is known, and more or less
aversion to what is not. But what if the switch were flipped? That is called
curiosity: a decisive heuristic that prioritizes what is unknown. For example,
I know what it looks like to masturbate instead of stretching this afternoon.
I've done it many times. I know the details of that unveiling. What is more
interesting to me this afternoon is what it would look like _not_ to
masturbate, but instead to stretch. And I'm choosing it today precisely because
I do not know it.

Where could this driver lead me? The best part is the answer is itself
the action. And the anticipated path I see is that I will begin choosing
passion - action means to act, to make active. Conversely, passion means to
make passive. This is a medeival dichotomy that has fallen out of popular
philosophical favor, but it is pragmatically a helpful tool to have in an
especially American mind.

Unwinding like a springloaded smorgasboard, but really it is just the body and
its investments. Playing out instruction received subliminally or otherwise,
interpretted between the lines of the plots of movies. Like, "Hard work is the
solution." "Hard work will save you." Were I incapable of pain, my mind would
move freely. Endless stimulation, mazes braid and intertwine.
