**********
2017-08-10
**********

// July browns like a banana skin blended, smudged, and bruised

Who are you? Why do you hang on to the anxiety in your bones like a coneheaded barter of tuck?
The motion groans in you. The painful clings to you.
The unknown stings when considering what shocking things will make their way with you.
I cannot keep up.

Your panic shuts me out me again. I leave you loud and silent, then later circle back to you.
I examine the trail for leaves out of shadow, ignited golden and red in the photon touch.
It is never too late for you. Our moment waits around the corner -
I promise: you can count on it, we will both ring like gongs again.

The moment passes.

When slides past the moment, we put the sunset away,
Suitcase it and place it beneath the earth in its sunken vessel.
We drizzle the dress of the nestled waitress weightless for you.
The birth cup churned and we sternly spurned the worriers to wait for you:
Stay home today. We cannot have you here. Not today. Our loved one travels near.
I sent them away.

Yet now I stand corrected.
In a murder of mirror turning I am suddenly learning that I need some unlearning.
As our burning heart peels apart, our rippled wrists expose the blue.
What have I done? You will not say, just send me away to the end of my tunnel.

I shut myself up.
I sit in a ball at the end of the hall, hearing the conversation echo up.
I do not listen.

We cannot kiss when your temper whips awake the beast in you.
It screeches tunnel vision, your eyes incisioning a
subset of myself with scalpel knife.
Have mercy, let me be with my mistake - ok, I get there's pain. And know that I'm here for you.
But I also know if you zoomed in to my view, you'd
see the state that I'm in.
It's all I can do to keep breathing evenly.
I'm bleeding, my uncle died and all I've cried have been
tears while reading Rilke and listening to someone else's grieving.

Whatever I've done, I want to know - I am not afraid of being
a creature that makes mistakes. Our motion
can collide. Perhaps that's what we're seeing.

Have mercy, let me be with my mistake. You just sent a painful screech into my tunnel.

But all you see of me
is a flash of light within a circle
framed in cylinder cold and concrete;
echo Doppler of car driving uphill
where the bugs all obscure the sound.
And all I see of you
is that much of you, too:
a cup of soda spilling across the tile Taco Bell floor.
I'd hope if we had the whole portion of the other's pictures we'd end up mutually holding,
  emboldening our strife for substantial solidarity.
I think that's forgiveness: a preemptive decision to empathize and relax;
A nod to our inherited humanity and a desire to dissolve our delimiters;
An acknowledgment that you and I are the same thing, and that it's
  better for us to be together than apart.

I do not want to scatter or be scattered, divisive or schismatic.
I want to water the thirsty herbs, to see our faces flowering.
All we should be devouring is the sight of each other,
smothered in our lovers, our heads on living pillows of soft animals
panting in the late summer heat, singing through laughter,
the scent of lemonmint flowing through our throats,
our thighs covered in vines that fall from tall branches,
allowed to grow into their prime.
